what the hell's going on in the wall
nothing sir it's all normal show me I'm
afraid you're mistaken watch your
monitor
[Music]
this town your luck can change just that
quickly find out how much money we have
down there
[Music]
Tess perhaps you should perhaps I should
what it would be better if you weren't
around here for this
all right you proved your point you
broke into my vault congratulations
you're a dead man maybe maybe may I ask
how you expect to leave do you believe
I'm gonna allow you to braid bags pull
up my money on my casino door no you're
gonna carry that for us why would I do
that take a closer look at your monitor
as your managers probably reporting to
you now you have a little over 160
million in your vault tonight
you may notice we're only packing up
about half that the other half we're
leaving in your vault booby trapped as a
hostage you let our 80 million go and
you get to keep yours that's the deal
you try and stop us we'll blow both cash
lands
mr. Benedict you could lose eighty
million dollars tonight secretly or you
can lose 160 million dollars public
[Music]
you